sister-in-law
Are these all gifts for my niece-in-law?
Yeah.
He should compensate him more for making things difficult before
But he was adopted by the Gu family after all
Fake adultery really wants to let him into the antlers
Not biological
How could this happen?
Yes, Auntie.
Chiwa and I used to be classmates
He told me since he was a child
When he grows up, he wants to marry into a wealthy family
Does he know who my son is?
Of course I do.
He pretends not to know.
I'm just afraid that you will know his true face
1,000 people were raised in wealthy families
Unlike the vain girls
So he left the country to let your son go
Here it is.
The painting level of the Gu family is extremely low
The title of Master Yuan was bought by him with money
Does Celia know about this?
no.
He has long been fascinated by that woman
OK.
Let me be the villain who beats mandarin ducks
Leave my son as soon as possible
Gu Qianyu, you hid deep enough
No no no what do you mean
How dare you trick my son into getting married?
I really didn't want to marry Lu Dachao at first
I chose to flash marriage with your son
But our relationship is real now
Well said
Do you really know my son?
Do you know who he is?